Shucheng is so difficult to attack
He couldn't even last three days
Cheat princess
Now Shucheng has been captured by thieves
Princess, let's go down and siege the city
Not in a hurry
Attack Shucheng Rebellion Army
I don't mean to waste our army
Manager Yihao is now reckless
Fight with exhaustion
The odds are too low
But it's just a small Shucheng
We just hold North County
Squeeze their power north
The imperial teacher will naturally arrange everything
Young bird princess, long time no see, hahaha, Ma Lianghum
How dare you!
Dare to break into my barracks alone
Hey, you seem to have forgotten that I am an immortal
Immortal, don't make people laugh
Immortals are like you, the world has long been in chaos
Cultivating immortals seeks happiness
I want to be free
Are you serious?
The seal of the fairy pen is broken
This is the Nine Evil Seal
Non-female causes are unsolvable
Can you see through it or not?
It's not going to be fun.
Ma Liang, do you dare to move?
Don't forget that the horse ring is still in my hands
I was hurt a hair
He has to die with me too